{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss Arial;}
{\f1\fmodern Courier;}
{\f2\fswiss Ms Sans Serif;}
{\f3\froman Ms Serif;}
{\f4\ftech Symbol;}
{\f5\froman Times New Roman;}
{\f6\ftech WingDings;}
{\f7\fmodern System;}
{\f8\fswiss Arial;}
{\f9\fswiss Impact;}
{\f10\fswiss Comic Sans MS;}
{\f11\fswiss Verdana;}}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
\fs20
\f0
\li120\fi0

*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote About_Dialog}
${\footnote About Dialog}
+{\footnote index:00001}
K{\footnote ;About Dialog;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b About Dialog\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }The About dialog displays copyright information, acknowledgements and version information.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote About_DVA}
${\footnote About DVA}
+{\footnote index:00002}
K{\footnote ;About DVA;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b About DVA\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }DVA\line Digital Voice Announcer \line Version 4 \line Copyright Jonathan Boles 1999-2001. \line All rights reserved.\line For contact information see the DVA program group.\line ICQ: {\uldb 40329012}{\v !EF("http://www.icq.com")}\line \line All sounds included with DVA are copyright Glenn Jackson-Bethell, Paul McCabe and Winston Yang.\line Visit the Railwavs website at: {\uldb www.railpage.org.au/railwavs}{\v !EF("http://www.railpage.org.au/railwavs")}. \line \line Warning: This computer program is protected by copyright law. Unauthorised reproduction or distribution of this program, or any portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Appearance}
${\footnote Appearance}
+{\footnote index:00003}
K{\footnote ;Appearance;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Appearance\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc appearancedlg.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line In the Appearance section of the Preferences dialog, you can set various options relating to how DVA looks including toolbar options and the font used in the editor.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Compile_Dialog}
${\footnote Compile Dialog}
+{\footnote index:00004}
K{\footnote ;Compile Dialog;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Compile Dialog\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }The file compile dialog is a Windows common control. See the Windows help.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Compiling_a_File}
${\footnote Compiling a File}
+{\footnote index:00005}
K{\footnote ;Compiling a File;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Compiling a File\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line DVA can compile both .dva and .mva files to an MS-DOS Batch file. This is useful if playing through Windows is too slow or low in quality. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql {\cf12 \b To compile a file: \b0 }\b \line \b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 1.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab From a Windows Explorer window, right-click the file and then click \b Compile\b0 . \line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 2.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Browse for the directory where you want to place the compiled file. \line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b OR\b0 \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 1.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Open the file you wish to compile in DVA. \line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 2.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Press \b F6\b0 , or click \b File\b0 , \b Compile\b0 . \line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 3.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Browse for the directory where you want to place the compiled file. \line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b Note\b0 : If you have specified so in \b Options\b0 , \b Preferences\b0 , you can compile the file just by double-clicking it in Windows Explorer.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Creating_a_New_File}
${\footnote Creating a New File}
+{\footnote index:00006}
K{\footnote ;Creating a New File;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Creating a New File\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql {\f5\b \line \b0 }{\cf12 \b To Create a New File:\line \b0 }\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab From a Windows Explorer window, simply right-click in a blank area, point to \b New\b0 , then click \b DVA Source\b0 . Then you can open the file for editing.\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }\b OR\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 1.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Start DVA.\line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 2.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Click \b File\b0 , \b New\b0 , or press \b Ctrl+N\b0 .\par\pard}
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Creation_of_DVA}
${\footnote Creation of DVA}
+{\footnote index:00007}
K{\footnote ;Creation of DVA;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Creation of DVA\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line DVA and all its associated assistant programs were created completely with freeware programs. Therefore, DVA is distributed for non-commercial use as freeware, and it will remain that way. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab The actual DVA program was written in Rapid-Q. This is a freeware, object-oriented 32-bit compiler and interpreter. It is available from {\uldb www.basicguru.com/rapidq}{\v !EF("http://www.basicguru.com/rapidq")} and was created by William Yu.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab The CHM documentation was created with HTML Help Workshop version 4.74.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab The HLP documentation was created with Windows Help Workshop version 4.03.0002.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab The setup program for DVA was created with Inno-Setup, a freeware tool available from {\uldb www.jrsoftware.org}{\v !EF("http://www.jrsoftware.org")} \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Edit_Menu}
${\footnote Edit Menu}
+{\footnote index:00008}
K{\footnote ;Edit Menu;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Edit Menu\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc editmenu.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }The \b Edit\b0  \b menu\b0  (\b Alt+E\b0 ) contains commands for working with text in the editing area. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Cut\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+X\b0 ) Deletes selected text and placed it in the clipboard. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Copy\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+C\b0 ) Places selected text in the clipboard without deleting it. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Paste\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+V\b0 ) Inserts any text in the clipboard at the insertion point. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Clear\b0  (shortcut \b Del\b0 ) deletes the selected text. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Select All\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+A\b0 ) Selects all text in the editing area. \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote File_Menu}
${\footnote File Menu}
+{\footnote index:00009}
K{\footnote ;File Menu;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b File Menu\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc filemenu.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }The \b File menu\b0  (Alt+F) contains the following items for working with DVA and MVA files:\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b New\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+N\b0 ) clears the text area and lets you create a new file. You will be promted to save any changes to the originally open file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Open...\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+O\b0 ) lets you open a previously written DVA or MVA file. You will be promted to save any changes to the originally open file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Play\b0  (shortcut \b F6\b0 ) plays the currently opened file immediately. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Compile... \b0 (shortcut \b F7\b0 ) allows you to export the current DVA or MVA file to an MS-DOS Batch file, which can be played later outside DVA or from DOS as you wish. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Save\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+S\b0 ) saves the currently open file with its filename. If the file is untitled, you will be prompted for a filename. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Save As...\b0  prompts you for a new filename for the open file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Print\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+P\b0 ) prints the file to the device or file specified in \b Options, Preferences...\b0 . \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Properties...\b0  allows you to view and edit file properties in a dialog box\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Exit\b0  (shortcut \b Alt+F4\b0 ) closes DVA. You will be prompted to save any changes. \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote File_Types}
${\footnote File Types}
+{\footnote index:00010}
K{\footnote ;File Types;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b File Types\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }DVA has several related file types. They are listed here. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b DVA Source file\b0 : These files are what you create when you write a source and then save it. They have the extension '.dva'. These files are ASCII text so you can use any non-formatting text editor such as Windows Notepad to edit them, besides editing them from within DVA. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b MVA Source file\b0 : These files are source files created by a program similar to DVA called MVA, and hence have the extension '.mva'. DVA has the ability to open, save, play and compile MVA files as you would a DVA file. MVA files are also plain ASCII text and can be edited with any text editor as well as from within DVA. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b DVA Wave Data file\b0 : These are the sound bites which are put together to make an announcement. You can add your own simply by creating an uncompressed wave-sound file (.wav), renaming it to a DVA Wave Data file and placing it in your sounds directory. DVA Wave Data files have the extension '.wad'. \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Find_Dialog}
${\footnote Find Dialog}
+{\footnote index:00011}
K{\footnote ;Find Dialog;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Find Dialog\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc finddlg.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line The Find dialog allows you to search the current file for a text string. Enter the string and click \b Find\b0  to search. The first occurence will be highlighted. Click \b Find Next\b0  from the \b Search\b0  menu to find further occurences of the text string.\line \line This dialog will be shown when no more occurences of the text string are found.\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc nfdlg.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Help_Menu}
${\footnote Help Menu}
+{\footnote index:00012}
K{\footnote ;Help Menu;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Help Menu\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc helpmenu.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\b \line \b0 }The \b Help menu\b0  (\b Alt+H\b0 ) takes you to instant local and online help. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Contents\b0  (shortcut \b F1\b0 ) opens the contents page of the DVA help file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Index\b0  (shortcut \b Shift+F1\b0 )displays the index page of the DVA help file.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b About...\b0  shows a dialog box containing copyright information, etc. \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Keyboard_Shortcut_Reference}
${\footnote Keyboard Shortcut Reference}
+{\footnote index:00013}
K{\footnote ;Keyboard Shortcut Reference;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Keyboard Shortcut Reference\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line These are all the keyboard shortcut commands you can use to access dialogs. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf11\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql{\uldb \line \b File Menu\b0 \line }{\v File_Menu}\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+N\b0 : Creates a new file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+O\b0 : Opens an existing file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b F6\b0 : Plays the currently open file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b F7\b0 : Displays a dialog to compile the currently open file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+S\b0 : Saves the currently open file. If the file is untitled, you are prompted for a name and location. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+P\b0 : Prints the file to the device or file specified in Options | Set Print Output... \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Alt+F4\b0 : Closes DVA. You are prompted to save changes. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf11\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql{\uldb \line \b Edit Menu\b0 \line }{\v Edit_Menu}\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+X\b0 : Deletes the selected text and places it on the clipboard. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+C\b0 : Places selected text on the clipboard without deleting it. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+V\b0 : Inserts text on the clipboard into the editing area at the insertion point. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Del\b0 : Deletes selected text. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+A\b0 : Selects all text in the text editing area. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf11\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql{\uldb \line \b View Menu\b0 \line }{\v View_Menu}\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b F5\b0 : Reloads file list on left hand side of window.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf11\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql{\uldb \b \line Search Menu\b0 \line }{\v Search_Menu}\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+F\b0 : Displays a Find dialog allowing you to search for a text string. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b F3\b0 : Find Next. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Ctrl+H\b0 : Displays Replace dialog so you can replace all instances of particular text with different text. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf11\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql{\uldb \line \b Help Menu\b0 \line }{\v }\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b F1\b0 : Displays Help contents and topics. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Shift+F1\b0 : Displays Help index.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Locations}
${\footnote Locations}
+{\footnote index:00014}
K{\footnote ;Locations;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Locations\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc locationsdlg.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line The Locations dialog allows you to set and view the default locations for sounds, sources and printer output.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote New_in_DVA_4}
${\footnote New in DVA 4}
+{\footnote index:00015}
K{\footnote ;New in DVA 4;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b New in DVA 4\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line DVA has many new features in its latest version. Here they are:\par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b \line Enhanced Playback\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql DVA now uses Windows to play its sound files. In previous versions, it launched an external DOS program to play its sounds. The newer way to play is much faster and more bug-free, since it is built right into Windows. Of course, if you want to play the old way, you can now... \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Compile to an MS-DOS Batch File\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql DVA now allows you to compile to an MS-DOS batch file. You may want to do this if you have a slow computer and playing the file through Windows results in too low quality. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Full-featured Built-in Text Editor\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql As of version 4.00, you can now edit DVA (and MVA) files right from within the DVA program. The DVA program now has facilities for finding a string of text, and searching-and-replacing. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Quick-Build List Box\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql As well as writing your files in the the normal way with the built in editor, you can very quickly create your files with the list box appearing at the side of the window. This box contains every file in your default sounds directory. Simply double click a file to add it to the editing area at the insertion point. This makes it very quick and easy to create a DVA or MVA file. It also eliminates the need to test the file, since only files that are there and accessible are used. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b MVA-Compatible\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql You can now play and compile your MVA files in DVA. DVA lets you open, save and print any MVA file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Customisable 100% Shell Integration \b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql DVA includes shell integration which is also customisable. There are right-click menu items for opening, playing, or compiling a file, and you can specify which action is the default, for when the file is double-clicked. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Windows Compatibility\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql Because DVA is now written in Rapid-Q, a 32-bit compiler, it is compatible fully with Windows. You can share text on the clipboard, use long filenames, and fully consistent dialogs for operations such as opening and saving are implemented. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Index File Eliminated\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql Version 4 of DVA eliminates the need for an index file. In previous versions, lack of long filename support meant that an index file was mandatory for all the sounds to play correctly. DVA's Windows compatibility now means that this requirement is completely eliminated.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Open_Dialog}
${\footnote Open Dialog}
+{\footnote index:00016}
K{\footnote ;Open Dialog;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Open Dialog\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line The file open dialog is a Windows common control. See the Windows Help.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Opening_a_File}
${\footnote Opening a File}
+{\footnote index:00017}
K{\footnote ;Opening a File;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Opening a File\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }Opening a file places it in the editing area. From there you can edit, play, or compile it. DVA can open MVA files as well as DVA Files.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql {\cf12 \b To Open a File:\line \b0 }\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab In Windows Explorer, simply right-click the file and then click \b Open\b0 .\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }\b OR\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 1.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Start DVA.\line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 2.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Click \b File\b0 , \b Open\b0  or press \b Ctrl+O\b0 .\line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 3.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Browse for the file, select it, and then click \b OK\b0 .\line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b Note:\b0  If you have specified so in \b Options\b0 , \b Preferences\b0 , you can open a file by double-clicking it.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Options_Menu}
${\footnote Options Menu}
+{\footnote index:00018}
K{\footnote ;Options Menu;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Options Menu\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc optionsmenu.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }The \b Options menu \b0 (shortcut\b  Alt+O\b0 ) contains commands for changing DVA's settings: \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Preferences...\b0  displays the Preferences dialog box for changing many of DVA's settings.\line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Past_Development}
${\footnote Past Development}
+{\footnote index:00019}
K{\footnote ;Past Development;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Past Development\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line DVA has come a long way from its roots. Development began in 1999 with the concept of DVA being realised in the form of an MS-DOS batch file. Since then, until today, DVA has passed through the hands of MS-DOS Batch, {\uldb QuickBasic}{\v !EF("http://qb4all.quickbasic.net")}, Turbo Pascal, and Turbo Pascal for Windows and has been through three major version numbers. Now DVA is written in {\uldb Rapid-Q}{\v !EF("http://www.basicguru.com/abc/rapidq")} and has reached version number 4. Each new version has seen new features added and hence this version is the most enhanced and advanced version to date; each new version has really been a 'great leap forward'. \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Playing_a_File}
${\footnote Playing a File}
+{\footnote index:00020}
K{\footnote ;Playing a File;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Playing a File\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line DVA can play MVA files as well as DVA files.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql {\cf12 \b To play a file:\b0 }\b \line \b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab From a Windows Explorer window, simply right-click the file and click \b Play\b0 .\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b OR\line \b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 1.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Open the file you wish to play in DVA. \line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 2.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Press \b F5\b0 , or click \b File\b0 ,\b  Play\b0 . \line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b Note\b0 : If you have specified in the \b Options\b0 , \b Preferences\b0  dialog, you can also double-click the file to play it. \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Printing_a_File}
${\footnote Printing a File}
+{\footnote index:00021}
K{\footnote ;Printing a File;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Printing a File\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line DVA lets you print to any local or network printer/device, and also to any file on your system. You can set this device/file in \b Options\b0 , \b Preferences\b0 . \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql {\cf12 \b To Print a File:\b0 }\b \line \b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Press \b Ctrl+P\b0 , or click \b File\b0 , \b Print\b0 . Your DVA source will be printed to the device or file specified in \b Options\b0 , \b Preferences\b0 . The default setting is 'LPT1:'.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Properties_Dialog}
${\footnote Properties Dialog}
+{\footnote index:00022}
K{\footnote ;Properties Dialog;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Properties Dialog\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc propdlg.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line The file properties dialog allows you edit and view information about the file. If the file being edited is an MVA file, properties cannot be added or changed until the file is saved as a DVA file.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Replace_Dialog}
${\footnote Replace Dialog}
+{\footnote index:00023}
K{\footnote ;Replace Dialog;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Replace Dialog\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc replacedlg.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line The Replace dialog allows you to replace all instances of a text string with another text  string. Enter the string you want to replace and the string you want to replace the first string with, and click \b OK\b0 . If you highlight text in the editing area before selecting \b Replace\b0 , the text will automatically be placed in the dialog.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Save_Changes_Dialog}
${\footnote Save Changes Dialog}
+{\footnote index:00024}
K{\footnote ;Save Changes Dialog;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Save Changes\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc savechangesdlg.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line This dialog will prompt you whether to save changes when closing DVA, opening a file, or creating a new file, if the current file has been modified since the last save. Click \b Yes\b0  to save changes, \b No\b0  to reject changes since the last save.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Save_Dialog}
${\footnote Save As Dialog}
+{\footnote index:00025}
K{\footnote ;Save As Dialog;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Save As Dialog\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }The file save-as dialog is a Windows common control. See the Windows help.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Saving_a_File}
${\footnote Saving a File}
+{\footnote index:00026}
K{\footnote ;Saving a File;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Saving a File\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }If you have created a new file and have not saved it yet, it will have the name Untitled.dva. Any save command will automatically take you to the Save As... dialog box. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql {\cf12 \b To save a file which you have previously saved: \line \b0 }\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Press \b Ctrl+S\b0 , or click \b File\b0 , \b Save\b0 . \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs24\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql {\cf12 \b To save a file with a new name or in a different format:\line \b0 }\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 1.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Click \b File\b0 , \b Save As...\b0 . \line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 2.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Choose the format (.dva or .mva) and enter a new name in the text box\line \par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20 3.\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab Click \b Save\b0 . \line \par\pard}
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Search_Menu}
${\footnote Search Menu}
+{\footnote index:00027}
K{\footnote ;Search Menu;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Search Menu\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc searchmenu.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }The \b Search menu\b0  (shortcut \b Alt+S\b0 ) contains commands for finding and replacing text within the editing area: \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Find...\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+F\b0 ) displays a dialog box where you can search for a text string within the currently open DVA or MVA file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Find Next\b0  (shortcut \b F3\b0 ) re-executes the last find, beginning from where the last string was found. Note that if you select \b Find...\b0  again, any subsequent searches will take place from the beginning of the open file. \line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Replace...\b0  (shortcut \b Ctrl+H\b0 ) searches for all instances of a particular item of text and replaces it with text you specify. If you select text within the editing area before you select Replace, this text will automatically be entered into the Replace edit box. \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Shell}
${\footnote Shell}
+{\footnote index:00028}
K{\footnote ;Shell;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Shell\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc shelldlg.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line In the Shell section of the Preferences dialog, you can specify the default action when a DVA or MVA file is double-clicked in Windows Explorer.\par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote Version_History}
${\footnote Version History}
+{\footnote index:00029}
K{\footnote ;Version History;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b Version History\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \line \b v4.00\b0 \line Fourth generation. Operates fully in Windows 32-bit GUI. No more DOS! Also no more index files. Extensive MVA support, built in editor and quick-builder, customisable shell integration, enhanced playback and ability to compile MVA/DVA files to BATch files.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v0.40b\b0  - Fourth generation beta\line Fourth generation beta for version 4 above.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v3.0x\b0 \line Even greater user customisability. The user-customised data is stored in the file user.dat, which also speeds up the upgrade process, as the entire wads.dat file doesn't have to be searched through and edited by the program. More sounds from Sydney, as well as Brisbane now. Even more DVA example files. Included a brand new logo and title animation with sound too! Now for the most inportant upgrade, new one-click DVA Autoplay and Upgrade! Now you can upgrade or play DVA files from anywhere. Right-click context menu in Explorer added.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v0.30b\b0  - Third generation beta\line Experimental beta for third generation (3.x) version, implementing full Explorer Shell integration.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v2.11\b0 \line Added more sounds, and updated icons.dll file.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v2.10\b0 \line Included a splash screen to display at startup. Also added some more DVA example files. Abolished run-time compiler, after recovering a corrupted file from the net. Created a new play engine, to make upgrades easier and to let the user add his/her own sounds.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v2.03\b0 \line Now I seem to have found a setup program THAT ACTUALLY WORKS!! Also includes more station data. Created a unique file type for the DVA data (.wad), and a fancy new icon for it! Worked out how to use setup compression, reducing the file size by 40%.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v2.02\b0 \line Version created, but even more problems with setup programs, and was not released.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v2.01\b0 \line Due to serious faults with the setup creator, the method of distribution is reverted to a zip file.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v2.00\b0  - First full release\line No full data, but fixed bugs in recognising 'Wentworth Falls' and 'Milsons Point' in source files. Added a Setup executable to replace the zip file, and broke up the volumes into pieces in case of a mishap during downloading. Also added some snazzy new icons, an uninstall, and an internet shortcut.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v0.20\b0  - Second beta\line Again experimental. Brightened up the interface. Don't have full data yet though.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql \b v0.10\b0  - First beta\line Experimental version. Minimal data included.\line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote View_Menu}
${\footnote View Menu}
+{\footnote index:00030}
K{\footnote ;View Menu;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b View Menu\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb0\sa0 \uldb \{bmc viewmenu.bmp\}{\v }\par\pard}
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }\par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Refresh\b0  (shortcut \b F5\b0 ) reloads the file list on the left hand side of the window.\line \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\f4 \'B7\f0\fs20\cf1\li480\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql\li840\fi-360\tx840\tab \b Word Wrap\b0  toggles word wrapping in the editing area. \line \par}\pard
\page
*{\footnote BuildAll}
#{\footnote What_is_DVA}
${\footnote What is DVA?}
+{\footnote index:00031}
K{\footnote ;What is DVA?;}
{\f0\fs36\cf1\li120\ri90\sb60\sa20\b\ql \b What is DVA?\b0 \par}\pard
{\f0\fs20\cf1\li120\ri90\sb20\sa20\ql {\f5\fs24\line }DVA stands for Digital Voice Announcement. It is a program which lets you create announcements as used at CityRail stations all over Sydney. The DVA distribution package consists of the actual DVA program, hundreds of CityRail sounds, and sample source files to get you started. DVA can also be used to run any public address system (provided you have the right sounds) in places such as shopping centres or theatres. \line \par}\pard
\page
}
